so the first melody that we are with you
we will choose it so pretty
simple melodies and old songs
which should he not call and just
I lose and really pelvis and and learn
and so it went
but
Well, yes, of course, this is a wait locomotive
don't knock the wheels and so friends let's
analyze in more detail
so let me lose this melody
at a slow pace
and then we explain how everything is played
but
so how to play this melody
let's start everything starts with
playing open first string
that is, two times are played open
first string
then the first string on the fifth fret then
on the third
then on the first
and that's what happens
then go to the second string here
us played 3 1 then open second
country then again 1
again the third open 1 country 2 itself on
first year
All together it turns out that
then go back to the first string
here we lose on the third fret two
times then open arrange
again a little two times
go to 8 frets then 7 over then 5
love
and 4 a
all together looks like this a
further lost open 1 string
then 8 on the first string 7 8 7
five
twice 5 a 5 5 6
5 3 1
all together looks like this
then we lose 2 times 1
then 3 then again 1
open first country go to
the second
2 and 31 open on the string 3
2 frets together lay like this no again
once again at a slow pace
but
I will try tab data log
located under this video